alright so you can Apple fanboy you're
probably happy and excited that the
iPhone 5 is out but here's a real
question for everyone Are you
disappointed with the iphone 5 right so
Apple announced is latest iPhone the
iPhone 5 and here it is and my question
simply this Are you disappointed with
the device same thing I asked with the
galaxy s3 and I'm asking that with
iphone 5 because pre-order stylist of
type of 14 and it will be launched in
September 25th so basically in roughly
week and two days so good about home at
that amount of time you get to think and
decide should I get an iphone 5 upgrade
from iphone 4s should i leave my galaxy
s3 Shadowcat Lumia 920 those the choices
that we running through people's mind so
anyway first thing for us let's go for
the hard way again what we have the
iphone 5 the iphone 5 sports a 4-inch
Retina Display it's got a Retina display
with a pixel density of 326 ppi
resolution 1136 x 640 that's the high
def is 640 so sorry Apple don't have
high death display it's just bloody
bright it's got a thinner full profile
7.62 millimeters thin so it's the
thinnest iphone there's also very thin
smartphone in general still the same
general design layout and aspect ratio
is closest to 16 by 9 none of that for
boy by three crab apples had over the
years so no more 3.5 inch display screen
you've got a front facing camera now
that reports at 720p so FaceTime Skype
you can do that high def the rear camera
stays sane now Apple decided to call it
an isight camera because everyone's
branding the camera with something since
I nokia has a Lumia Yuma camera it has
pure view which actually does something
fantastic except apples isight camera
does nothing like that it's still the
same camera you've had an iphone 4s and
that's pretty much it there now you've
got 16 32 and 64 gigabyte flavors no
micro SD card slots which of course we
never thought
happen but you have those options to
expand or increases heart phone storage
size if you choose to be one of those
options there now in terms of battery
life nothing has been said of battery
life it is powered by the a6 processor
which is a faster processor from what we
have the a5 should you see better
performance there it's running ios6 now
from what we see 4-6 nothing special
doesn't look like there's been much
other than little things to to improve
the operating system but it still looks
the same still standing iOS 6 our
profile you have now the one big and
major omission is the lack of NFC NFC's
near field communication what you see in
things like the Nokia Lumia 900 you
compare and earlier that's when you can
pair with your headset the new no
piensas as well as a music players to
play all the Garcias through where you
can pass pictures and transfer data or
to a gigabyte only galaxy s3 with SB so
that is missing from from the iphone 5
which also means that therefore there
will be no mobile payment on the iphone
5 and which also means that the passport
application that Apple has is crap
online scanning having a barcode scanner
on your screen it is totally crap you
can't use it to store credit cards for
anything useful you can't actually used
to make payments so is it complete
bullocks and a waste of bloody time but
besides that I digress I know I'm
sounding like yeah my Apple haters
because I expected Apple to actually do
more what we have here is a smartphone
but basically is trying to come up to
industry starters on what we have in the
market today an apple has come up to
match those standards but has left a few
things behind and you've done nothing to
WoW is here so let's take a look at it
put comparison of three devices for you
we have the we have the iphone 5 we have
the galaxy s3 and we have the lumina
twenty years coming on Windows 473 I'll
call you Joe Louis is no blackberry here
sorry so in all three devices you all
have high def displays they all of a
high pixel density the whole also have
above for tlie about four inches and
above intensive screen size now what
sets all these devices apart is all them
have specific features that you can
point you to say this is what makes my
device different than the other so take
for instance the galaxy s3 galaxy s3 of
course has all the photo sharing
features you can think of you have sheer
shock we can share charts with friends
in tag friends and photos you also have
that cool and kind of stupid ability to
actually have a video and actually just
a plane and then send text messages or
email while playing a video on your
phone useless but it's still a very cool
feature at on there on the Lumia 920 you
have the PureView camera but yes it's
not technically a 41-megapixel pov
camera but it does take fantastic photos
in low-light soon as you can see in our
video test video and also the verge
talked about it and they did retest and
all that stuff yes guys it does take
photos in low-light world without a
flash there is no flash going on there
that besides the point besides that you
also have that new touch screen on the
Lumia 920 that actually allows you to
use the screen with your gloves sir
winter if its cold you have to take your
gloves out and you can actually navigate
the screen right easily then here comes
the iphone 5 what differences in terms
of features that know this massive have
nothing I will state it absolutely
nothing today that says the iPhone 5 is
different from any other device why
there's no NFC I still can't get
anything else there is no specific
feature there's no new camera
improvements other than a faster
processor kind of faster GPU which
everybody bloody has on the market today
there's nothing that says oh hey you
know what you're 19 user pickup iphone 5
it'd be different because even on the
software side they didn't do that much
to improve it and some of the cool
features like the passport feature that
they had in their big impt because
there's no I have seen the first place
again no NFC so there you have it I'm
pissed yeah
I don't like the iPhone 5 you know
because apple i think has done a good
job improving the hardware but there's
not done a good job and actually yes
actually making it a device that's
totally different in all sense and
purposes the iphone 4s from which is
pretty cool now and Lisa Scott Siri I
mean yes you have seen I 45 but it was
the first one to have Siri in the first
place so that's pretty much it guys I
wanted to know what your thoughts are
Are you disappointed with iphone 5 and I
finance sorry it will be an iphone 5s at
this point that 45 and also how will it
stack up against competition like the
samsung galaxy s3 the Lumia 920 and also
forgot to mention the galaxy note 2 with
this quad core processor LTE which looks
like we begin court penalty in the US
and its S Pen which of course you can
write and do stuff with so let us know
again you know what I'm just taking this
from the point of yes I have seen the
specs I haven't actually touch the
device I'm an eldidd haven't reviewed it
and I'm sure he does a lot of great
things because Apple does know how to
make very solid devices but in terms of
differentiation between us competitors I
don't see you need why I should pick one
up right now till I get device in my
hands and we hear it out of the expo so
give me your thoughts thank you and
always enjoys the same it's